# Persetujuan dan Kondisi

*placeholder text*

## Prinz Eugen

  - Artist: **realmbw**
  - Voiced by: **Ayane Sakura**

> Mmmâ€¦ Are you the Commander? I wonder how long you're going to amuse me. I'm
> expecting something from you.

### Beauty Mark

On the side of one of her breasts and the bulk of her skins don't hide it.

### Beneath the Mask

She appears apathic and uncaring because she, by her own admission (when you
oath her), felt empty inside when you first met her.

### Born Lucky

While known as a lucky ship in real life, she resents being called lucky,
instead claiming she's just really tough. Interestingly, her Luck stat is pretty
high at 78, but not sky-high like you might expect (compare Yukikaze at an
almighty 98).

### Deadpan Snarker

She is rather sarcastic and often takes jabs at the Commander, and given the
dialogue with other ships as well.

### Death Seeker

Implied to be one in her very In Harm's Way combat lines.

> This isn't enough at all. I need more, more......!

> Hoho......Interesting......

> Hohohohoho......you guy are great......

### Defrosting Ice Queen

Downplayed. When you oath her, she will tease you like she used to, and then
reveals that she is already not as empty inside as she used to be, thanks to
you.

### Foil

The playable one acts as one to her friend, Prince of Wales. Eugen is extremely
apathetic and snarky, likes to tease people, and is *BornLucky*. Wales keeps a
*StiffUpperLip*, is highly driven, encourages the Commander and her allies to do
their best, does her best to cheer people up or encourage others to cheer people
up, and is supremely unlucky. They are both named for princes, to boot.

### Embarrassing Nickname

The non-comedic type. Eugen makes it clear to you she does not like being called
"the lucky ship". If you call her by that title, she will ask if you are
taunting her.

Although not explicitly stated, there are multiple hints this is a sign that
Eugen is concealing some amount of angst over her past.

### The Gadfly

Tends to tease the commander and other ships. It's her way of dealing with her
apathetic nature. If the commander wins her heart, she loses her apathy, but she
continues to affectionately tease them.

### Girlish Pigtails

She has short twintails on the side.

### Memetic Hand Gesture

She always has a finger on her mouth.

### No Hero to His Valet

She is one of the few Ironbloods who doesn't take Bismarck's posturing and will
call her out.

### Odd Friendship

The playable Eugen has one with Prince of Wales, despite being one of the ships
responsible for Wales' first great failure. Wales is apparently the one who put
her up to wearing her infamous bikini.

### Sentimental Drunk

Her New Year's skin is what happens when she gets into the Sakura Empire's sake
supply. She loses most of her snarkiness (one of her lines has her calling the
Sakura Empire "stingy" and wishing they'd bring some liquor from the Eastern
Radiance) and would rather just drink with the commander...and anyone else.

  > Commander~ Let's have a drink~ and two more drinks~ ahh...Let's keep going~

### Sideboob

A recurring element of her various outfits is that most of them reveal an ample
amount of the sides of her breasts and make sure that the beauty mark on her
right breast remains visible.

### Skunk Stripe

She has a single, vibrantly red stripe in her head of white.

### Stepford Smiler

Possibly. At the very least, Z1 outright accuses her faking her smile too often
if you sortie them together.

### Stone Wall

Has the highest HP among all heavy cruisers in the game (more than some
battleships to boot), and her Unbreakable Shield skill lets her block a good
number of enemy shells, making her very difficult to sink both in PvE and in
PvP. This comes at the cost of her offensive stats. This is a nod for all the
damage she's sustained and how two nukes were not enough to (immediately) sink
her.

### Stripperiffic

Her summer skin has her wear a barely-there bikini, to the point it's censored
in the CN server. Her New years outfit has her wearing a rather revealing
(sideboob) kimono.
